# Steps to Ordering
1. POST request from Client Ordering App including Items list, cost, name of person, phone number, delivery location etc. to the `v5/checkout` endpoint
2. Client Ordering backend receives order. The backend will create a instance of a struct with the above information, and add a new order ID based on a randomly generated 40 character string.
3. Client Ordering backend will find the Super Admin username from the `assets/v5superadmin/list.json`, and then try to find a token in `assets/v5/tokens/list.json` that matches the user name. If the token exists, the Client Ordering Backend will attempt to POST the order (including the new order ID generated during step 2) at the `v5/neworder` endpoint on the Kitchen Management using the generated token. If the token does not exist, the Client Ordering backend will use the Super Admin username and password to generate a new token and go through the same exact steps to post to the kitchen management app.
4. Kitchen Management App registers new order, and adds it to the queue. It will send out a server to client notification regarding the addition of the new order (in order to dynamically modify the UI if the Orders page is being accessed at the moment) through a websocket (this time, all users of the kitchen management app will get a notification).
5. When the order gets processed on the kitchen management backend, the kitchen app will respond with a JSON struct (with a status of `success`). If something fails, it will respond with a status of `fail`.
6. If the above process registers a success, the client server will return an object also with a status = `success` portion as well as the generated orderID
7. The client ordering app front-end will then attempt to subsribe to a websocket using the endpoint `v5/websocket/[generated order id]`.
8. When the Kitchen sends an order complete POST to the kitchen server backend, the kitchen backend will POST to the `v5/ordercomplete` of the client ordering backend. Then the client ordering backend will send a notification to the specific user who sent the order whenever it is done.
